refactor(lua): rename the module vscode-neovim to vscode (#1997)
vscode-neovim/vscode-neovim: README.md

Load the module:

```lua
local vscode = require('vscode')
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> [!TIP]

> > "vscode" is an alias for "vscode-neovim" module.
> > So don't be confused if "vscode-neovim" is used in the below examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "vscode" is an alias for "vscode-neovim" (deprecated) module.
> So don't be confused if "vscode-neovim" is used in old discussions or other resources.
```

Author: Oh, I forgot to remove this section

Load the module:

```lua
local vscode = require('vscode')
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> [!TIP]
> "vscode" is an alias for "vscode-neovim" module.

> > So don't be confused if "vscode-neovim" is used in the below examples.

Reviewer 2: Just change the examples. We can change all wording/internals to use `vscode` and have `vscode-neovim` as an undocumented backwards-compatibility.
